Okay. I was on the farm until they disposed of the
farm
and then I got a job in 1924 for the Veterans
Administration at Houston as an agriculture
rehabilitation assistant. That job played out
and Okay, what were your duties as this
rehabilitation assistant? I was consulting,
advising
veterans of World War I that had what they called
projects on different farms. They were scattered
around over Texas. So you would give them advice on
how to succeed in their Farming. Yeah, I had to do
the farming and take care of some of their personal
problems that they were having. But then that
played out in 25. Yeah, that played out in 25. Then
for that, for another time, I had hard sledding. I
tried to sell insurance. I like insurance. I
imagine that wasn't a great deal of fun, was it? No,
that wasn't fun either. Then in 29 I went with the
Department of Agriculture. And I've been there, I
was there until I retired. And
did you come directly to El Paso? Yes. And was in the
Department of Agriculture? Came in the
Department of Agriculture as a plant quarantine
inspector.
came as what they call an agent, but I took the
examination in November 19, uh, 20,
29.
The time played out here in El Paso County and I was
sent to, to, uh,
in Arizona, Sentinel, Arizona. Well, in
something out of Arizona, they got my grades and I
had passed one out of,
one of the seven of 49 that passed, I was one, and
they sent me back here to El Paso. And I was then
transferred in March 30 to Phavens and spent five
years down in Phavens. and then transferred back
up to El Paso in 35 and been here ever since.
You said you were a plant inspector? Yeah, plant
quarantine inspector. So in that position, what
did you do? It was a station on the border on the, and
inspected fruits and vegetables that came from
Mexico. Into the United States. Yeah. So would you
say if a man wanted to bring a truckload of oranges
from Mexico into El Paso, you would inspect them?
Well, some of that fruit's been prohibited. We
were looking for prohibited fruit.
Not very many of those fruits could pass.
Did you have any particular exciting incidents
while you were in? Working on the border?
No, I went through it pretty quietly. Was it, what
would you call it, smuggling? People wanting to
bring in illegal fruit or something? Oh yeah,
there's... Was there a good bit of that? There's
not too much of it. During the time that you were on
duty there from... the late what late 20s 29 up to
your retirement what did you say would you say it
was an increase or a decrease or did you remain
about the same
well i don't know the traffic increased and of
course that would increase it would increase it
but it would be i guess it would increase
But say, you wouldn't be able to tell probably
whether it was increased in the same proportion of
the amount of traffic or not,
huh? No. And at what point did you retire from the
quarantine? Was it the quarantine service? Yeah.
Department of Agriculture? Quarantine service.
April the 30th.
1958. 1958. So how have you been occupying your
time since then? I've
been enjoying most of the time, but I had a heart
attack in in 59, a year after I retired, and for four
years there I was held down pretty good, but after
that I went on, went on pretty good. Do you
participate in any kind of social or cultural or
political activities? No, I'm strictly a home
man. Just strictly a home man, huh? Okay.